I welcome everyone with you podcasts
today's then the fare will be dedicated
such a mechanism as hidden in the floor
chest in the mine course- that is, you press
a button
he disappears push the button he
appears and i have two versions of this
the mechanism that takes such
amount of space and
with only one block width , but because of this
slightly lower but works nonetheless
in the same way, well, we will start with this one
versions
because I like her more so
here we have a sticky piston below it
we put a block here with a ladder
from both countries we put another on the block so
one more block here
then another block ladder under
the last put the red torch here yet
not lefke piston here red torch and
here are two pieces of roadstone
also we will put the block put up
Valve as it happens even to me
put another block here
rails itself
the cart itself is a chest we remove the block
along with the rail and now we have
the mechanism is almost ready
here I forgot to put a block which
will block broadcasting anywhere
trolley that is doing the same again
most and
yes there is a mechanic ready now she
leaves and goes back that is this
we will have the level of our floor light we
close up so let's check again
to make sure
fine the whole mechanism works well and
now let's build this version and and
I do not know how to build easier and simpler
carefully
a bit more space relative
horizontals but less relatively
vertical so one block away
we put another block from the sticky piston
here is a red torch
here we put in this way three blocks
we have one more red torch here
roadstone
here could looking towards our
hatches in the pistons put another sticky piston
this we will have ground level
immediately put the block here too
be sure to put a block that trolley
did not leave so now we have
a button
block enters here we put a block with
rails and trolley is all breaking
as in the previous version on the street
figase right below the window
here is not a road like park ok
so push the button
nothing works as probably
tank let's try something he doesn't want
leave
do the same thing but on the other hand
you know how it is connected but what a bug
now present so are we yet
remove the set block so he left again
rail trolley
so well almost i forgot this block again
put that is we press a button
put the block rails trolley remove all
press the button and yes the whole mechanism
I do not know what this bug is about
maybe some kind of curved version
minecraft but as you see I somehow
I could not build a mechanism with such
way like wanted at first but it's on
really not that important yet he
It turned out I hope it 's still a bug
only in my version
but that's not all from this apparently
I built the same thing and a little
mirror but here you have such problems
will not be on this not all subscribe
comment on the channel like the likes and in
soon there will be a tutorial
a little bit of a different version of the same
the mechanism itself in which Donetsk
will go out on the block up bye bye
subscribe to the channel comment
put likes and good luck